# Operation Null Mind

Note: If you're viewing this through a zip file, this file looks a lot better on the github repository description:

## Table of Contents
- [Releases](#releases)
- [How to install & compile for Windows](#how-to-install--compile-for-windows)
  - [Step 1: Clone repository](#step-1-clone-repository)
  - [Step 2: Install cmake and MingW](#step-2-install-cmake-and-mingw)
  - [Step 3: Build, Compile and Run](#step-3-build-compile-and-run)

## About the codebase:
For the code-related stuffs, check out our project documentation website generated by doxygen!
https://mangathemango.github.io/Operation-Null-Mind/html/index.html

## Releases

The game's releases can be found on this link:
  https://github.com/mangathemango/Operation-Null-Mind/releases

## How to install & compile for Windows

### Step 1: Clone repository

On this repository, you can go File -> Download .zip to download the repository. 

Otherwise if you have Git, you can enter this command:
``git clone https://github.com/mangathemango/Operation-Null-Mind/``

### Step 2: Install cmake and MingW.

For this project, these 2 were used:
- Cmake: https://github.com/Kitware/CMake/releases/download/v4.0.1/cmake-4.0.1-windows-x86_64.msi
- MingW: https://sourceforge.net/projects/mingw-w64/files/mingw-w64/mingw-w64-release/mingw-w64-v11.0.0.zip/download

Afterwards, you can run `cmake --version` and `gcc --version` to verify.

Note that for the most part, ***any version of Cmake seems to work fine***. 

However, ***the MingW is a bit more problematic***. For example, the .lib and .a files doesnt seem to work with the MingW created by MSYS2. If you want to be really sure that this specific project compiles, you should use the link provided above.



**Note**:

**For beginners**:

- **CMake** is a build system generator that creates build files for your platform
- **MinGW** provides a Windows version of the GCC compiler and necessary tools

### Step 3: Build, Compile and Run

To build, there are 2 ways you can do this

If you have vscode, just `Ctrl+Shift+B`. It should all run fine.

Otherwise, you can run these 3 commands:

```
cmake -S . -B build "MinGW Makefiles"
cmake --build build
```

Right now, the .exe file should be inside the `build/` folder, which you can run straight away

```
./build/Operation-Null-Mind
```

#### Note:

Sometimes github does a weird thingy where the .c files turn into .C, which, automatically detects it as a C++ file instead of C @v@ goofy ah.

In that case, you can enter this command into terminal:

```
Get-ChildItem -Path .\src -Filter *.C -Recurse | Rename-Item -NewName {$_.name -replace '\.C$','.c'}
```
